1. cf. assets folder screenshots (100% coverage)
2. In this problem, the pre-conditions are given by the description as follows:
   NumCourses is required to be a positive integer. As documented in the code, I assume positive to mean >0 and hence added the assert statement for numCourses>0. The check for it being an integer is naturally given by the compiler not accepting other data types. Further, the prerequisites should be pairs (and not arrays of other sizes). For pairs [i,j] it must hold i, j >= 0 and j < numCourses with i != j, hence the according assert statements. The post-condition is that a boolean value should be returned indicating either "true, all courses can be completed. the dependency graph is acyclic" or "false, cycle detected". [unsure what the invariant in this case would be].
3. I wrote tests that test "normal" input fulfilling the pre-condition by including the ones from the description (for both acylic and cylic) and adding a bigger, own example with multiple paths. For the cases which violate the pre-condition in any way, I wrote tests that assert an assertion error being thrown. The post-condition is indirectly verified by my expected results being booleans and the correct outcomes. The invariant is verified by testing [].
4. Due to the asserts for the pre-condition, I excluded invalid cases and considered the property that regardless of which pair is given, there should be no cycles. To test that I used the for all annotation to generate pairs fulfilling the pre-condition and verified with the assertion.